# Women in Statistics: An Ethnographic Study

## Abstract
Boys are better at math, and girls are better at language arts. This is a myth that has permeated modern society for far too long. Women and non-binary individuals are systematically underrepresented in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) fields, including statistics, which seemingly perpetuates this fabled lore. Moreover, little research has been conducted regarding women in statistics, specifically through the lens of their encounters, viewpoints, and understanding. Through this ethnographic study, the author worked to discover the experiences and perceptions of women pursuing a graduate degree in statistics. Through twenty hours of participant observations, three in-depth interviews, and material data, valuable insight was gained through the uncovering of three emergent themes. Participants shared a love of mathematics and statistics, recognized disparate respective gender experiences, and possessed a deep-seated desire to give back to community and country. The results of this research valuably aid in the development and implementation of bolstered services to support women working toward a tertiary degree in statistics, dispelling the long-standing fallacy that women are ill equipped to strive and thrive in the field of statistics.
## Full Paper
- [Women in Statistics: An Ethnographic Study (PDF)](https://github.com/Carley589/Women-in-Statistics_Ethnography/blob/main/Women%20in%20Statistics-An%20Ethnographic%20Study.pdf)
